# aiedu

## 08/25/2020 - Jie Chen
[New] `commonkeywords_fromkws.py` - Get common keywords from keyword corpus. Result is in `keyword_dict.csv`.  
[New] `ngram_model.py` - (1) Get n-gram model from abstract text; (2) Find context of negative words in abstracts. Trigrams are in `neg_trigrams.txt`.  
[Update] `sentimentanalysis.Rmd` - Get negative words by both nrc and bing lexicons. Negative words from both lexicons have been merged in `neg_wordlist.csv`. 

## 08/22/2020 - Jie Chen

[New] `socialnetworkanalysis.Rmd` - Pilot view of social network analysis.  
[New] `sna_matrixprocessing.py` - The output is a sna table (`sna_table.csv`) which is about authors' relations. The SNA graph is also generated by networkx.  
[New] `authorinfo_toecharts_pre.Rmd` & `authorinfo_toecharts.py` - Discover the visualization by Echarts. The mediate output is `author_table_echarts.json` and `relation_echarts.json`. The final output of these two files is `echarts.json`, which can be used in Echarts.  
[New] `mergejson_summary.py` - Merge all paper info json files into one `json_summary.json` file.  
[Updated] `sentimentanalysis.Rmd` - Sentiment analysis of abstracts.  
[Updated] `jsontocsv.R` & `jsontocsv_summary.R` - Convert JSON file, which contains paper info, to CSV file. The output of jsontocsv.R is a folder with separate csv files. The output of jsontocsv_summary.R is a `summary.csv` containing all information in one csv file.   
[Updated] `springerminer.py` & `run.py` - Extract author, abstract, RIS, and more paper information from Springer  
[Updated] `paperminer.py` - Extract abstracts from IAIED  
